IGN (In-game name): My In-Game name is 207ms

Previous IGN: 
Toxicityy
9/19/2016 @ 7:38:08 AM
Reflexinq
8/19/2016 @ 5:44:05 PM
AVCX
7/20/2016 @ 9:34:52 AM
xComboinqx
6/17/2016 @ 8:21:23 PM


Age (14-18+ you have to be very active in-game and in forums as well as act professional and mature): I'm 14 And I think I'm a lot maturer than i was when i was when i made one of these applications. Well, I at least try to be mature at my best potential.

What country are you currently living in?: 
United Kingdom/England/Europe

Timezone: 
GMT/ -4:00

What time are you most often on? (your time, PST or CST etc): 
I'm usually on most of the day to help out and stuff, and give beneficial help that they need. Since I'm always active I've thought to make an application.

How many hours can you contribute per day? 
5-6 hours depends on what I'm doing, if I need to go somewhere for a couple of days, I will inform Sammie and obviously the community to let everyone know at I won be active to couple of days. And to let everyone know at I'm not just being 'inactive'.

What do you do outside of Minecraft? (Ie: Jobs, school, sports, hobbies, etc.)
I do go to school I'm in year 9 and I obviously hate school I think it's terrible but it does give good education and doesn't make me dumb, I also do like football and rugby there my favourite sports and cricket somewhere up there. I also do have some hobbies that I sometimes go to tournaments or games that I watch and not on the television. And soon I will maybe start doing the paper round because my mum and dad want me to earn my own money and not spend theirs. However, I will still be active and on most of the day I will just not be on at certain times.

Do you use our Team Speak and own a decent microphone? 
Yes I do own a decent microphone and I do have teamspeak, I'm more of Skype person, but using teamspeak is beneficial for me, and it helps a lot more players. Instead of saying add my Skype because I prefer talking on there, I'm not like that at all.

Are you able to record videos, and post to Youtube, when reporting a player? 
Yes I'm able to record people hacking and post it to YouTube or via the forums, to show proof to higher staff members to get them punished. I also can record without it being laggy because I do have a decent computer. I'd also help people if they come across a hacker and record them. And if they die to a hacker, I will try and get ther gear back, or if I can't I will just give them some gear, because it's unfair if they lose gear to a hacker and don't get there stuff back, because they lost it unfairly.

Are you currently a staff in any other server? 
No I'm currently not, I'm not currently looking for a server to help apart from curse, I really want to help curse because I feel like it needs help in the staff department of the server, even though there are a lot of helpers accepted, and on the team, there's no moderators, and only one helper that I see on daily, which is EckleCake.
I feel like he needs some help because a lot of people need help and new people need help and sometimes no staff are on to answer there questions, so I try to answer them the best I can.

Why should we pick you for staff over someone else? 
You should pick me over someone epode becaus I'm a very unique person that likes to have a laugh and I'm quite funny well I think so anyways. In Teamspeak and in game I'm very helpful trying to help everyone the best I can at the best of my ability. There is not everyone I can help because I don't know answers to them, and if I was helper I would have a better understanding of what they need, and I could forward issues to higher staff, such as Waffle, Sammie, or FTPClient if It's something bugged and Sammie isn't available. And if they aren't available I'll just try to do my best to help the situation in the range of my permissions. And I'll try to calm all people as possible and ask them to please wait patiently while I'll try to inform people.

In what ways could you positively contribute to the community? 
I could possibly help the community in many ways by; posting helpful threads for example like god set creating, how to build a bases, how to build walls to protect you base etc. Things like that to help the community get a better understanding of how to do things a lot better, maybe they can learn from me or learn something different, or upgrade there things from my tutorials. I could also help by answering as many questions as possible, via Teamspeak and In-Game because I know a lot of new players need help with some certain questions that some people can't answer. On the other hand I could also control the chat and control some posts on the forums, and lock threads when they get too toxic, because some posts on the forums get a little too toxic.

What is your previous experience in any type of moderation? 
I've been working on servers for 2 years now, but I've decided to stop. I was an Owner on a friends server of mine, which now gets 200 players to this date. I decided to leave because it didn't need me anymore and I decided to resign from them. However, a lot of people donated giving me quite a bit of money because I was getting payed to basically run the server with my own team. I'm quite experienced with staff, various times in the past I've been a Staff-Manager managing a staff team on my own so my experience is strong, I never abuse any commands given to me either, and if anyone asks me to give them free gear I would say no. That is not fair and it will ruin the economy.

If accepted, what are the top 3 goals which you would aim to complete during your time as a staff member?
My top 3 goals would be :
1). That I would desire everyone's questions and ask up to about 30 questions a day and try to help as much as I can.
2). Make the community a toxic-free community so there is no toxicity in the server at all.
3). make CurseMc a lot popular again, because curse is now dying of now, and it won't be soon because Sammie is releasing some things ;)

What skills do you have that allow you to stand apart from other applicants? 
I stand out to other applications/applicants because I'm a very unique person and I know a lot of commands or server knowledge because I used to be a minecraft developer on a lot of servers, I know how to use commands or very high tech commands, that are probably associated on Curse's server. Also im very understanding To a lot of players I wouldn't usually get mad at people unless hey did something wrong and there is a reason to get mad at them about. Also my grammar and punctuation is decent, I see a lot of applications that the punctuation and grammar located in the applications are not that great. And I think mine is decent.

Do you understand that asking about your application will result in an instant rejection?: 
Yes I do understand asking about my application will result in an instant deny, I never tell Staff to look at my application, unless they ask me about it and say Check it out if you want to. But that is vey rare for me to say that, if this application gets denied then I'll try improving.

If you are denied, do you agree not to argue with the decision of Staff, and instead take on the responsibility of improving in that area?
Yes I agree not to argue with any staff and I will try my hardest to improve on that in that specific area because to be honest it's the Staff opinion if they want to accept me or not, and I will try my hardest if you find any mistakes please notify me so I can fix it, and yes of course I take full responsibility of doing that %100. I will definitely not argue with the staff about there decisions because it's there opinion and that is not me to judge.

Do you agree to help any and all players who request your assistance, even if you are not accepted?
Yes I do agree to help as many players as I can even though if I'm not accepted or not, I'm trying to help a lot of people in the server and in game because yet again I want to answer as many questions as I can and help a lot of people and I will try to help as many as I can. Also I could still help people in team speak when they need or in game.

Additional Questions:
Recommendations (By a Staff member) Before you post any names, if we find out you're lying, it's an instant deny!
[ List name(s) here ]
EckleCake
